Don't sit here. It's expensive. I'll make it your home.
Hey, ok, why didn’t your boyfriend come?
He heard that Hashimoto and I were classmates,
I can do it if I say it. It’s not difficult to say anything.
If I had known that people would come under the bridge today,
I won't come, I will get up.
Okay, okay, you are the one,
Qiaoyang felt like they were all coming to the women's section again.
Why go to the women's section? What do you know?
You went to hide and follow the old man for money.
Now I'm still trying to denigrate him, hey, come on, I'm a little curious,
Is the boss satisfied?
We are all classmates
Please speak and do some car sharing
Actually, your bag is a new model.
I heard that it is not available in the domestic market, right?
I trust Caoyang with this bag
Bring it back to me from abroad and wait a minute
I'm going to wash my bag with Anma.
Did you see your new boyfriend doing well after you dumped him?
I've been looking at this corner bag lately.
Corner bag you can’t say
Aren't you going to move?
This is what my old man estimated to be mine.
Why did you say it was false?